Q1.: POP MUSIC - Marianne Joan Elliott-Said, frontwoman of the punk rock band X-Ray Spex (and songwriter of the band's anthem "Oh Bondage Up Yours!"), when deciding on a stage name, consulted the Yellow Pages to find "a name of the time, something plastic" and settled on what material used for packing peanuts, disposable food containers, egg cartons, consumer-electronics packaging, and insulation panels?
Answer: POLY STYRENE

Q2.: LITERATURE - Frances Hodgson Burnett's classic work of children's literature from 1911 involves the protagonist Mary's discovery and restoration of aSecretwhat?
Answer: GARDEN

Q3.: AMER HIST - "No person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance." The preceding is an excerpt from the Education Amendments passed by the US Congress in 1972. This legislation, which is often (but not exclusively) referenced with respect to intercollegiate athletics, is usually known by what name? The name, with a slight orthographic adjustment, has been borrowed by a retailer that sells "athletic wear and outdoor clothes for active women."
Answer: TITLE IX

Q4.: FOOD/DRINK - A "dirty" martini is distinguished from a standard one sometimes by a change of garnish and always by the former's addition of what salty, nonalcoholic,  liquid ingredient?
Answer: OLIVE BRINE

Q5.: CURR EVENTS - Of the seven members of the intergovernmental forum known as the Group of Seven (G7), six have governments led by men (Canada, France, Germany, Japan, the UK, and the US). What country is the seventh member and the only one led by a woman?
Answer: ITALY

Q6.: LIFESTYLE - The former Danish passenger ferryFredericiawas converted into a pirate radio ship and started broadcasting off the eastern coast of England in 1964 under what new name, taken from that of an American girl who was six years old at the time?
Answer: CAROLINE

