Q1.: POP MUSIC - In addition to earningBillboard#1 singles in her solo career and as a part of the trio that made her famous, what artist has also done so as half of a duet (with Lionel Richie) and as a member of an ensemble (USA for Africa)?
Answer: DIANA ROSS

Q2.: BUS/ECON - The first exchange-traded fund in the United States, launched by State Street Global Advisors in 1993, still exists today and is in fact the largest ETF in the United States. By what arthropodic name, based on the four-letter acronym of its original formal name, is this fund commonly known?
Answer: SPIDER (SPDR)

Q3.: GAMES/SPORT - On February 19, 2024, the Boston Cannons defeated the Philadelphia Waterdogs 23–22 on an overtime goal by attackman Matt Kavanagh to win the Championship Series in the top professional North American league for what sport? The series was played in the "sixes" format, which will be used when the sport returns to the Olympics in 2028.
Answer: (FIELD) LACROSSE

Q4.: LANGUAGE - A significant marker in the gradual transition from Middle English to Modern English, an occurrence centered on the mid- to late-15th century, is a phenomenon whose cause is still not fully understood. This phenomenon is widely known as the Great [BLANK] Shift (fill in the blank).
Answer: VOWEL

Q5.: LIFESTYLE - The "A" in the name of the AME Church stands for "African", because its earliest organizers in the 1810s were descended from enslaved Africans (and the denomination is the first in the Protestant Church to be founded by Black people). What do the "M" and "E" stand for? They represent the Christian tradition in which the AME is rooted and the form of church government under which it is organized, respectively.
Answer: METHODIST, EPISCOPAL

Q6.: WORLD HIST - The two sides that battled in the civil war in China that broke out shortly after Japan's surrender in WWII are often referred to (in English) by three-letter abbreviations. One side was the CCP; what three letters were used for the other?
Answer: KMT

